procedures: Add readiness init container docs (#2139)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-the-olm-installer.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id="enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-the-olm-installer_{context}"]
= Enabling the readiness init containers for the OLM installer

> The readiness init containers are not enabled by default, so to use them you first have to enable them. To enable the readiness init containers for {prod-short} installed by the OLM installer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The readiness init containers are not enabled by default, so to use them you first have to enable them. To enable the readiness init containers for the {prod-short} installed by the OLM installer:
```

.Prerequisites

* {prod-short} is installed by the OLM installer.

.Procedure

> . Find the {prod-short} Operator subscription name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Get the {prod-short} Operator subscription name:
```

Author: The same as above

Reviewer: I understand. In such case, please check if this is also the case in the next step, where I already swapped `find` with `get`.

Author: ok

+
[source,shell,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
$ {orch-cli} get subscriptions -n {prod-namespace}
----

> . Get the CSV (Cluster Service Version) name from the {prod-short} Operator subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Find the CSV (Cluster Service Version) name in the {prod-short} Operator subscription:
```

Reviewer: Just adding the above suggestion in case you think we'd better use `find` instead of `get` in this particular step.

Author: Here we obtain CSV by the command, no need to search. So, `get` is correct
